science
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
The equal right of all citizens to health, education, work, food, security, culture, science, and wellbeing - that is, the same rights we proclaimed when we began our struggle, in addition to those which emerge from our dreams of justice and equality for all inhabitants of our world - is what I wish for all.
Education
"A man's mind, stretched by new ideas, may never return to its original dimensions.
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new."
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one."
Have you ever been at sea in a dense fog, when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in and the great ship, tense and anxious, groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line, and you waited with beating heart for something to happen? I was like that ship before my education began, only I was without compass or sounding line, and no way of knowing how near the harbor was. "Light! Give me light!" was the wordless cry of my soul, and the light of love shone on me in that very hour."
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism."
Friends
If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you."
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen."
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one."
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart."
Don't make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.
How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit."

Fashion
Fashion is part of the daily air and it changes all the time, with all the events. You can even see the approaching of a revolution in clothes. You can see and feel everything in clothes.
Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live
What you wear is how you present yourself to the world, especially today, when human contacts are so quick. Fashion is instant language
Fashion is about dressing according to what's fashionable. Style is more about being yourself
! think there is beauty in everything. What 'normal' people perceive as ugly, I can usually see something of beauty in it.
You gotta have style. It helps you get down the stairs. It helps you get up in the morning. It's a way of life. Without it, you're nobody. I'm not talking about lots of clothes.
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who's wearing it.
Nature
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.
No better way is there to learn to love Nature than to understand Art. It dignifies every flower of the field. And, the boy who sees the thing of beauty which a bird on the wing becomes when transferred to wood or canvas will probably not throw the customary stone.
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, 
Attitude
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life
I don't go by or change my attitude based on what people say. At the end of the day, they, too, are judging me from their perspective. I would rather be myself and let people accept me for what I am than be somebody who I am not, just because I want people's approval.
All I can control is myself and just keep having a positive attitude
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Life
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform living fully in the present
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Teacher
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me

schools as there is among classrooms in the same school. If you want your child to get the best education possible, it is actually more important to get him assigned to a great teacher than to a great school
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
Smile
Love yourself for who you are, and trust me, if you are happy from within, you are the most beautiful person, and your smile is your best asset.
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.
Smile from your heart; nothing is more beautiful than a woman who is happy to be herself.
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth.
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come.
I can't change my personality. I'll always smile, but I'll be more focused.
Learning
LIFE IS A JOURNEY, NOT A DESTINATION." -RALPH WALDO EMERSON
LEARNING IS NOT ATTAINED BY CHANCE, IT MUST BE SOUGHT FOR WITH ARDOR AND ATTENDED TO WITH DILIGENCE
YESTERDAY I WAS CLEVER, SO I CHANGED THE WORLD. TODAY I AM WISE, SO I AM CHANGING MYSELF
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE GREAT TO START, BUT YOU HAVE TO START TO BE GREAT
BE STUBBORN ABOUT YOUR GOALS AND FLEXIBLE ABOUT YOUR METHODS
NEVER GIVE UP ON A DREAM JUST BECAUSE OF THE TIME IT WILL TAKE TO ACCOMPLISH IT. THE TIME WILL PASS ANYWAY.
ANYONE WHO STOPS LEARNING IS OLD, WHETHER AT TWENTY OR EIGHTY.
Dance
If you hit a wall, climb over it, crawl under it, or dance on top of it
Hand in hand, on the edge of the sand, they danced by the light of the moon
Dance is the hidden language of the soul.
Consciousness expresses itself through creation. This world we live in is the dance of the creator. Dancers come and go in the twinkling of an eye but the dance lives on. On many an occasion when I am dancing, I have felt touched by something sacred. In those moments, I felt my spirit soar and become one with everything that exists
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance. Great dancers are great because of their passion.
The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
Technology
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure
My head'll explode if I continue with this escapism
There will come a time when it isn't 'They're spying on me through my phone' anymore. Eventually, it will be 'My phone is spying on me'
That's sad. How plastic and artificial life has become. It gets harder and harder to find something real." Nin interlocked his fingers, and stretched out his arms. "Real love, real friends, real body parts
I know there's a proverb which that says 'To err is human,' but a human error is nothing to what a computer can do if it tries
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
